feat: add `Screenshot bot Argus` (#640)
probot/probot.github.io: _apps/screenshot-bot.md

# which shows difference between two screenshot and which will be added to bot report comment
diff-paths: [
        # it is default Cypress folder name into which snapshot diffs are put
        '.*__diff_output__.*',
    ]

# array of attributes (key="value") for html-tag <img /> (screenshots)
# e.g. ['width="200px"', 'height="300px"']
img-attrs: []

# Text which is placed at the beginning of section "Failed tests"
failed-report-description: ''

# Regular expression string to match images inside artifacts (by their path or file name)
# which are created by new screenshot tests.
new-screenshot-mark: '.*==new==.*'

##################################
# Not relevant for GitHub Action #
##################################

# array of regular expression strings to match workflow names
# which should be watched by bot
workflows: [
        # all workflows with sub-string "screenshot" in their names
        '.*screenshot.*',
    ]

# array of RegExp strings to match branch names which should be skipped by bot
branches-ignore: []
```

## What bot can do? :bulb:

-   Holds first PR comment.
    All workflow updates edit already existing bot comment.
    No endless stream of comments from bot!

> -   Sets loading state comment when PR is opened or new commits are pushed to PR.
>     ![loading-demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taiga-family/argus/refs/heads/main/.demo/loading.png)
> -   Downloads artifacts from workflow with tests, finds screenshots diffs images, and pins them to the tests failure report.
>     ![error-report-demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taiga-family/argus/refs/heads/main/.demo/error-report.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Sets loading state in a comment when the PR is opened or when new commits are pushed.
    ![loading-demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taiga-family/argus/refs/heads/main/.demo/loading.png)
-   Downloads artifacts from workflows with tests, finds screenshots diffs images, and pins them to the tests failure report.
    ![error-report-demo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taiga-family/argus/refs/heads/main/.demo/error-report.png)
```
